To get the key to wind the alarm clock and wake up Wally, you must go to the moon. The screen after
the moon has a magnetic lock which you must break by getting the magnet.

1) Get the bucket and fill it with water from the tap in the bathroom.

2) Get the plant pot and the bucket filled with water to the room that has the venus fly traps and
the BP can. The fly traps are now immobilized and you can collect the BP can, leaving the bucket of
water.

3) Next, to fill the BP can collect the triangle key from the third floor, from the lift room. It
should be near the rocket. .Together with key and can go out of the first floor from the lift room
and go out of the first door you come to walking right. The BP can is now filled with petrol from
the fuel pump.

4) On the moon there are aliens; the only way to get past them is to have a full laser gun. Now
this is hard!

a) exchange the pound for the penny.

b) the penny gets you into the toilet.

c) get the hammer from the toilet, go to the lift room and exchange the hammer for the fire
extinguisher.

d) leave lift room via door 3. Go out of the next room via door furthest right, climb the tea
chests and go out of the window. Now walk right and you will appear in a room with a still fire.
The fire extinguisher lets you past the fire. Walk right past the fire and after you have fallen
down, you must immediately walk left and collect the square key. Walking left, go out of this room
or a huge ball will kill you. With the square key you can now get into the snooker room - get the
laser gun and exit.

e) Now go into the lift room and make sure you have the triangle key and laser gun. Go out of the
lift room via exit 1. Now walk out of the first door you come to when walking right. You should
now be in the room with the fuel pump. Walk out of the door on the right and immediately jump onto
the third tea chest and onto the table. Get the battery, and the laser gun should now be full. f)
leave the battery where you found it and go through the down exit. g) now, with the full laser gun
and the full petrol can, go into the lift room and exit via No 3 door. You then get into the rocket
and arrive at the moon. The aliens allow you to pass because you have a full laser gun and you can
now get the key to wind up Wally's alarm clock but first you must have the magnet so follow these
tips.

5) To get the scissors get the ignition keys then slide down the banister to get the crash helmet.
When you have got the crash helmet get the library ticket and exchange this for the library book.
The combination of the crash helmet and the library book will allow you to get the scissors.

6) Now, with that done you now have to put the HELP button ON, which makes a tea chest appear in the
room with the box key.

7) You now have to go to the room with the box key and balloon in it (making sure you've still go
the scissors) and touch the balloon (sometimes you have to go back round and put the HELP back ON).
The balloon will take Wally up, so all you have to do now is jump along and get the box key.

8) Go to the kitchen and you can now swap the box key for the magnet.

9) Right now that you have done all that the rest is simple (?) Go to the moon, where you have
previously left a full laser gun, walk into the next room and jump at the magnetic lock and the bars
guarding the clock key will disappear. Collect the clock key and make your way back to the clock
avoiding the various little nasties. Touch the clock and you've completed the game (though you may
not receive 100%). To gain extra percent marks pick up and drop objects that aren't needed to
finish the game.